As a big Lord of the Rings fan, I felt it only natural to build my first project based around that genre.  After about 2 months of coding with Flatiron, I’ve reached a point to where I can build a function webpage that pulls data from an API as well as adding some interactivity throughout the page.  
Getting started wasn’t easy however, taking those first steps has always been, at least for me, the hardest part.  Not because I didn’t know where to start, but mainly for what I know what troubles I will run into.  Ideas were going to have to change based on time constraints and my current ability to get things working how I want them and to where I felt happy with what I was looking at, and at this point, all I was looking at was a white screen with “Lord of the Rings” displayed on the top left corner in black text.  I had some work to do.
	I knew that I was going to need to tackle this project in steps, so I broke down every feature I planned to implement and wrote them down to keep myself on track, these steps were not very specific, with steps like:
•	Add button to manually change quotes
•	Highlight the selected book
•	Change background color
From there I created a rough diagram of how I wanted my webpage to look like, I planned out where each section would go and pictured in my head if that layout would make sense to a user.  I then began building my HTML layout.  

 
	
I laid the foundation for my webpage, setting up the main element, giving it an ID to reference later in CSS when I design my page, for now, I’m just laying out the framework.  
I then create my divs:
Quotes – This will display a random quote
Books – This will display 3 books that the user can click on
Images – This will display various artwork by Tolkien Fans
With my sections created, I fill them with the content that I will manipulate later in Javascript, I add descriptions of the books, and add some images to my image div.  I leave the Quotes section blank for now, as I’ll be using data from an API to pull those from.
	 

With my HTML set up, and all my necessary elements given ID’s or classes, I move on to CSS to beautify the ugly page of text I currently have on my screen.
 

To make this a bit more appealing to the eye, I start by adding color and changing up the font on the text to make them a little less… default.  I pick a color palette that will somewhat fit in with the theme of the page, center my elements and throw in some borders to really make them pop.  
	After that, I start playing with sections to make them stand out even more so, and give more of a “This is Lord of the Rings” vibe, rather than a “This my medical history” vibe.  I throw in some images into the background of some elements, but I had to be careful here, as if I used a background image for every element, the page would look cluttered and would be hard to read and would make you feel like you fell back into the late 90’s.  
I 
